Add ability to make requests to OpenAI api (#1258)
NUbots/NUbots: module/skill/GPT/README.md

# GPT

## Description

A module that integrates with OpenAI's GPT-3.5 model to send text prompts and receive generated responses.

## Usage

Include this module to allow your system to interact with OpenAI's GPT for natural language processing tasks.

## Consumes

- `message::skill::GPTRequest`: A request containing text that needs to be processed by GPT.

## Emits

> - `message::skill::GPTResponse`: A response from GPT containing the generated text based on the input request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `message::skill::Say`: A Task requesting to speak using the output of the GPT model based on the input request.
```
